1. Which Azure AD licenses (select two) are made available through Azure?
  A. Office 365, Azure Active Directory Free.
  Azure Active Directory provides the following licenses: Free, Office 365, Premium P1, and Premium P2.

2. What benefit does Azure Scalesets provide when it comes to virtual machines in Azure?
 A.Can manage groups of virtual machines as one unit. 
Scalesets are groups of virtual machines, managed as a single unit. You can set rules for scaling up or scaling down

3. Which of the following are factors in Total Cost of Ownership?
A. Real estate costs, Cost of electricity, Salary costs of employees managing the servers, Cost to access the Internet

4. True or false: You cannot have more than one Azure subscription per company
A. FALSE

5. What Azure tool gives you the ability to manage multiple subscriptions into nested hierarchies?
A. Management Groups

6. Which of the following scenarios would Azure Policy be a recommended method for enforcement?
A. Prevent certain Azure Virtual Machine instance types from being used in a resource group

7. It can be said that most services in Azure have a public endpoint by default. What is a public endpoint?
A. Enables access to your data or application from outside the virtual network.

A public endpoint is effectively a URL that you can use to access data and applications from outside a virtual network. 
This includes the public Internet. Applications inside Azure can also access this using the public endpoint. Of course, there is often additional 
security on the application or data to prevent malicious use of this endpoint.

8. What type of documents does the Microsoft Service Trust Portal provide?
A. A list of standards that Microsoft follows, pen test results, security assessments, white papers, 
faqs, and other documents that can be used to show Microsoft's compliance efforts

9. Which of the following services would NOT be considered Infrastructure as a Service?
A. Azure Functions App 

10. Which of the following Azure Resources are required in order to have a virtual machine? Only choose services that are required, not ones that are optional.
A. Network Interface Card (NIC), Storage Account, Virtual Network

A virtual machine needs a network card, storage and a virtual network. It does not need a public IP address. In fact, most Azure VMs are private and are not accessible from the Internet.

11. What are the two features that Azure AD provides?
A. Application management, Authentication

12. True or false: Azure Active Directory is a network gateway that load balances user logins using a CDN (Content Delivery Network).
A. FALSE

13. Which storage redundancy option is the cheapest?
A. LRS (Locally Redundant Storage) has the lowest price of all the options.

14.What affect does using a "read only" resource lock on a Azure Storage Account have?
A. The storage account cannot have its properties altered but it doesn't affect the data itself.

Resource Locks only affect your ability to make changes to a resource within Azure but do not affect the resource itself. For instance, a resource lock on a virtual machine still allows the VM to operate but will prevent someone from restarting a VM. Similarly, a resource lock on a storage account only affects the Azure properties of the account.

15. How does Multi-Factor Authentication make a system more secure?
A. It requires the user to have access to an additional device for identity verification

16. What is Azure's preferred Identity/authentication service?
A. Azure Active Directory

17. Which Azure technology allows you to log in to Azure Active Directory device or application using your face, a PIN code, or a gesture instead of having to type a password?
a. Passwordless

18. What is a core principle of Zero Trust?
A. Assume your network has been breached already

19 True or false: Azure charges for bandwidth used <b>inbound</b> to Azure
A. FALSE

20. How many availability zones are there in each region (for regions that have them)?
A. 3

21. Which of the following elements is considered part of the <b>perimeter</b> layer of security?
a. Use a firewall

22. True of false: Azure Powershell scripts and Command Line Interface (CLI) scripts are entirely compatible with each other?
A. FALSE

23. What is the purpose of Azure Blueprints?
A. Allows you to create new subscriptions that already have policies, roles, resource groups, and ARM templates.

24. True or false: Azure Cloud Shell allows access to the CLI and Powershell consoles in the Azure Portal
a. TRUE

25. Which tool within the Azure Portal will make specific recommendations based on your actual usage for how you can improve your use of Azure?
A. Azure Advisor

26. Which of the following elements is considered part of the <b>network</b> layer of network security?
A. Separate servers into distinct subnets by role

27. True or False: An Azure Storage Account can have both a public endpoint and a private endpoint at the same time.
A. TRUE

28. Which Azure technology allows you to manage virtual machines running in Azure, in your own environment, and in other environments such as AWS?
A. Azure Arc

29. Which of the following is the best approach when you need to copy large amount of files between two Azure Storage accounts?
A. AzCopy

30. What is the fastest connection type between your on-premesis network and Microsoft Azure, if money was not a concern?
A. Express Route

31. Which of the following are examples of Azure Sovereign Regions?
A. Azure China, Azure US Government

32. What types of resources are defined as <b>compute resources</b>?
A. Resources that perform some type of task that requires CPU cycles to perform the work

33. Which feature within Azure collects all of the logs from various resources into a central dashboard, where you can run queries, view graphs, and create alerts on certain events?
A. Azure Monitor

34.What is Single Sign-On?
A. The ability to log in once and use the existing userid and password to sign in other applications, and not have to create/memorize a new one.

35. What feature of a system makes it elastic?
A. The ability of it to add and reduce capacity based on actual demand

36. What benefit does Availability Sets provide when it comes to virtual machines in Azure?
A. Physically and logically separates virtual machines so that if one goes down, the others do not go down.

37. Which Azure Service gives you access to your own personalized Windows 10 or 11 desktop machine in the cloud, so that you can access your work files and applications whereever you go from any device?
A. Azure Virtual Desktop

38. Which feature within Azure alerts you to service issues that happen in Azure itself, not specifically related to your own resources?
A. Azure Service Health

39. True or false: you can create your own policies if built-in Azure Policy is not sufficient to your needs
A. TRUE

40. What does it mean if a service is in Public Preview mode?
A. Anyone can use the service but normal service level agreements do not apply

41. Which of the following elements is considered part of the "network" layer of network security?
A. Separate servers into distinct subnets by role

42. What is the basic way of protecting an Azure Virtual Network subnet?
A. Network Security Group

43. What does it mean if a service is in Private Preview mode?
A. You have to apply to get selected in order to use that service
Private Preview means you have to apply to use a service, and you may or may not be selected

44. What is the default amount of credits that you are given when you first create an Azure Free account?
A. The default is US$200

45. True or false: Microsoft Entra ID is a network gateway that load balances user logins using a CDN (Content Delivery Network).
A. FALSE

46. What is the concept of Big Data?
A. An extremely large set of data that you want to ingest and do analysis on; traditional software like SQL Server cannot handle Big Data as efficiently as specialized products

47. Which of the following scenarios would Azure Policy be a recommended method for enforcement?
A. Prevent certain Azure Virtual Machine instance types from being used in a resource group

48. Which feature within Azure alerts you to service issues that happen in Azure itself, not specifically related to your own resources?
A. Azure Service Health

49. What is Single Sign-On?
A. The ability to log in once and use the existing userid and password to sign in other applications, and not have to create/memorize a new one.

50. Which feature within Azure collects all of the logs from various resources into a central dashboard, where you can run queries, view graphs, and create alerts on certain events?
A. Azure Monitor

51. Which of the following services would NOT be considered Infrastructure as a Service?
A. Azure Functions App (OPTIONS: Azure Functions App, Virtual Network, Virtual Machine, Virtual Network Interface Card (NIC))

52.  Select the answer that correctly completes the sentence.
In cloud computing, [answer choice] allows you to deploy applications to regional datacenters around the world.
A. geo-location 

53. Which type of cloud service are virtual networks?
a. infrastructure as a service (IaaS)

54. Which two factors affect Azure costs? 
A. resource location, resource usage

55. You need to compare the costs of running an application in an on-premises datacenter with the costs of running the application in Azure.
What should you use to assist you?
A. Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) Calculator

56. You plan to build a new solution in Azure that will use platform as a service (PaaS) products.
What should you use to estimate the monthly costs?
A. Azure Pricing calculator

57. Which two features are available by using Azure Cost Management + Billing?
A. Estimate the total cost of ownership before resources are deployed.
Generate historical reports and forecast future usage.

58. Your organization plans to deploy several production virtual machines that will have consistent resource usage throughout the year.
What can you use to minimize the costs of the virtual machines without reducing the functionality of the virtual machines?
A. Azure Reservations

59. You need to ensure that multi-factor authentication (MFA) is enabled on accounts with write permissions in an Azure subscription.
What should you implement?
A. Azure Policy
Azure Policy is a service in Azure that enables you to create, assign, and manage policies that control or audit resources.

60. Which two actions can be performed by using Azure portal? 
A. Create new resources.
Create Microsoft Entra user

61. Which two tools can you use to create a new Azure virtual machine from a mobile device that runs Android? 
A. PowerShell in Azure Cloud Shell, the Azure portal

62. Which Azure service evaluates Azure resources and makes recommendations to help improve reliability, security, performance, and cost reduction?
A. Azure Advisor

63. You need to review the root cause analysis (RCA) report for a service outage that occurred last week.
Where should you look for the report?
A. Azure Service Health
After an outage, Service Health provides official incident reports called root cause analysis (RCA), which you can share with stakeholders.

64. You need to create a custom solution that uses thresholds to trigger autoscaling functionality to scale an app up or down to meet user demand.
What should you include in the solution?
A. Azure Monitor
Azure Monitor is a platform that collects metric and logging data, such as CPU percentages. The data can be used to trigger autoscaling.

65. What can you use to find information about planned maintenance for Azure services that are critical to your organization?
A. Azure Service Health
You can drill down to the affected services, regions, and details to show how an event will affect you and what you must do. Most of these events occur without any impact to you and will not be shown. In a rare case that a reboot is required, Service Health allows you to choose when to perform the maintenance to minimize the downtime

66. Select the answer that correctly completes the sentence.
In a region pair, a region is paired with another region in the same [answer choice].
A. geography
Each Azure region is always paired with another region within the same geography, such as US, Europe, or Asia, at least 300 miles away.

67. What can you use to execute code in a serverless environment?
A. Azure Functions
Azure Functions allows you to run code as a service without having to manage the underlying platform or infrastructure. Azure Logic Apps is similar to Azure Functions, but uses predefined workflows instead of developing your own code.

68. What can you use to connect Azure resources, such as Azure SQL databases, to an Azure virtual network?
A. service endpoints
Service endpoints are used to expose Azure services to a virtual network, providing communication between the two. 
ExpressRoute is used to connect an on-premises network to Azure. 
NSGs allow you to configure inbound and outbound rules for virtual networks and virtual machines. 
Peering allows you to connect virtual networks together.

69. What can you use to provide Mac and Android users with access to a Windows environment that will run Windows-based applications?
A. Azure Virtual Desktop is a desktop and application virtualization service that runs in the cloud. It enables your users to use a cloud-hosted version of Windows from any location. Azure Virtual Desktop works across devices such as Windows, Mac, iOS, Android, and Linux. It works with apps that you can use to access Remote Desktops and apps. You can also use most modern browsers to access Azure Virtual Desktop-hosted experiences.

70. Which Azure Blob storage tier stores data offline and offers the lowest storage costs and the highest costs to access data?
A. Archive
The Archive storage tier stores data offline and offers the lowest storage costs, but also the highest costs to rehydrate and access data. 
The Hot storage tier is optimized for storing data that is accessed frequently. 
Data in the Cool access tier can tolerate slightly lower availability, but still requires high durability, retrieval latency, and throughput characteristics similar to hot data.

71. Which storage service offers fully managed file shares in the cloud that are accessible by using Server Message Block (SMB) protocol?
A. Azure Files

72. Which Azure Storage service should you use to store unstructured files, such as images, that will be served on webpages?
A. Azure Blob storage
Azure Blob storage is an object storage solution that you can use to store massive amounts of unstructured data, such as text or binary data.

73. To which object or level is an Azure role-based access control (RBAC) role applied?
A. An Azure RBAC role is applied to a scope, which is a resource or set of resources that the access applies to. Resource locks prevent the accidental change or deletion of a resource. Resource tags are used to locate and act on resources associated with specific workloads, environments, business units, and owners. Policies enforce different rules across resource configurations so that the configurations stay compliant with corporate standards.

74. Which type of strategy uses a series of mechanisms to slow the advancement of an attack that aims to gain unauthorized access to data?
A. defense in depth
A defense in depth strategy uses a series of mechanisms to slow the advancement of an attack that aims to gain unauthorized access to data. The principle of least privilege means restricting access to information to only the level that users need to perform their work. A DDoS attack attempts to overwhelm and exhaust an application's resources. The perimeter layer is about protecting an organization's resources from network-based attacks.

75. What can you use to ensure that users authenticate by using multi-factor authentication (MFA) when they attempt to sign in from a specific location?
A. Conditional Access
Conditional Access can use signals to determine information about authentication attempts, and then determine whether to block access or require additional verifications, such as MFA.

76. [Answer choice] is the deployment and management service for Azure.
A. Azure Resource Manager (ARM)

77. Which two Azure resources can make use of availability zones?
A. Azure SQL databases, virtual machines

78. Which Azure compute service can you use to deploy and manage a set of identical virtual machines?
A. Azure Virtual Machine Scale Sets

79. What is the customer responsible for in a software as a service (SaaS) model?
A. data and access (NOT storage, runtime, virtual machines )

80. You need to associate the costs of resources to different groups within an organization without changing the location of the resources.
What should you use?
A. resource tags
Resource tags can be used to group billing data and categorize costs by runtime environment, such as billing usage for virtual machines running in a production environment.

81. What can you use to ensure that a development team can only create virtual machines of a certain size?
A. Azure Policy
Azure Policy enables you to define both individual policies and groups of related policies called initiatives. Azure Policy evaluates your resources and highlights resources that are not compliant with the policies you created. Azure Policy can also prevent noncompliant resources from being created.

82. Which two tools can you use to create a new Azure virtual machine from a mobile device that runs Android? 
A. PowerShell in Azure Cloud Shell, the Azure portal

83. You have a team of Linux administrators that need to manage the resources in Azure. The team wants to use the Bash shell to perform the administration. What should you recommend?
A. Azure CLI
Azure CLI allows you to use the Bash shell to perform administrative tasks. Bash is used in Linux environments, so a Linux administrator will probably be more comfortable performing command-line administration from Azure CLI.

84. What can you use to automatically detect performance anomalies for web apps?
A. Azure Application Insights
Application Insights is a feature of Azure Monitor that allows you to monitor running applications, automatically detect performance anomalies, and use built-in analytics tools to see what users do on an app.

85. What can you use to find information about planned maintenance for Azure services that are critical to your organization?
A. Azure Service Health
You can drill down to the affected services, regions, and details to show how an event will affect you and what you must do. Most of these events occur without any impact to you and will not be shown. In a rare case that a reboot is required, Service Health allows you to choose when to perform the maintenance to minimize the downtime

86. You receive an email notification that virtual machines (VMs) in an Azure region where you have VMs deployed is experiencing an outage. Which component of Azure Service Health will let you know if your application is impacted?
A. Resource Health

87. Which is not one of the recommendation categories for Azure Advisor? 
a. Capacity
The five recommendation categories for Azure Advisor are: Reliability, Security, Performance, Operational Excellence, and Cost.


